Add AdvectiveFluxAux and SideAdvectiveFluxIntegral (#24770)
idaholab/moose: framework/doc/content/source/postprocessors/SideAdvectiveFluxIntegral.md

# SideAdvectiveFluxIntegral

!syntax description /Postprocessors/SideAdvectiveFluxIntegral

## Description

> The `SideAdvectiveFluxIntegral` postprocessor is used to compute the side integral of the advection flux component including x, y, z and normal. This kernel supports both finite element and finite volume variables. For finite element method, the variable needs to be LAGRANGE, so that the side value are well-defined. The advection variable can be either a variable[!param](/Postprocessors/SideAdvectiveFluxIntegral/advected_variable) or material property[!param](/Postprocessors/SideAdvectiveFluxIntegral/advected_mat_prop). For finite volume method, an advected quantity needs to be provided[!param](/Postprocessors/SideAdvectiveFluxIntegral/advected_quantity). The advection velocity is required with [!param](/Postprocessors/SideAdvectiveFluxIntegral/vel_x) for advection flux calculation. [!param](/Postprocessors/SideAdvectiveFluxIntegral/vel_y) and [!param](/Postprocessors/SideAdvectiveFluxIntegral/vel_z) are needed for 2D and 3D simulations.

Reviewer: why should it be lagrange? most families will have a known side value, as long as you specify which side you're coming from

Author: For MONOMIAL, the side value will be all 0. Even the side is specified, there may be discontinuous on the side, therefore MONOMIAL doesn't has a defined side value. The side value is only defined in Finite Volume.

Reviewer: yeah but what about higher order "elemental" variables?

Author: I have tried first order monomial, the results are the same, which I think makes sense.

Reviewer 2: Any continuous FE type will give you a well-defined-from-both-sides value on a side.  That includes `LAGRANGE`, `HIERARCHIC`, `BERNSTEIN`, `SZABAB`, `RATIONAL_BERNSTEIN`, `CLOUGH`, `HERMITE`...

Reviewer 2: And for *advective* flux, in particular, you don't generally need the value to be well-defined from both sides, do you?  Where the advection vector is tangential to the side, the advective flux is zero; where the advection vector has a normal component you want to evaluate the advected value from the upstream element.

Reviewer 2: "Return the flux calculation using the upstream element" might be a bit of extra code that we don't want to write right now, but in that case the thing to do would be "throw an error", not "return 0".

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

!alert warning
The expression of the advective flux in this object is generic, as described, and may differ from the advective flux implemented in your physics implementation. If so, you may not use this object to compute the advective flux.
```

same for the other object

# SideAdvectiveFluxIntegral

!syntax description /Postprocessors/SideAdvectiveFluxIntegral

## Description

> The `SideAdvectiveFluxIntegral` postprocessor is used to compute the side integral of the advection flux component including x, y, z and normal. This kernel supports both finite element and finite volume variables. For finite element method, the variable needs to be a continuous finite element type(e.g.LAGRANGE, HIERARCHIC, BERNSTEIN, SZABAB, RATIONAL_BERNSTEIN, CLOUGH, HERMITE, etc.), so that the side value can be estimated in MOOSE. The advection variable can be either a variable[!param](/Postprocessors/SideAdvectiveFluxIntegral/advected_variable) or material property[!param](/Postprocessors/SideAdvectiveFluxIntegral/advected_mat_prop). For finite volume method, an advected quantity needs to be provided[!param](/Postprocessors/SideAdvectiveFluxIntegral/advected_quantity). The advection velocity is required with [!param](/Postprocessors/SideAdvectiveFluxIntegral/vel_x) for advection flux calculation. [!param](/Postprocessors/SideAdvectiveFluxIntegral/vel_y) and [!param](/Postprocessors/SideAdvectiveFluxIntegral/vel_z) are needed for 2D and 3D simulations.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `SideAdvectiveFluxIntegral` postprocessor is used to compute the side integral of the advection flux component including x, y, z and normal. This kernel supports both finite element and finite volume variables.

For the finite element method, the variable needs to be a continuous finite element type (e.g. LAGRANGE, HIERARCHIC, others), so that the side value can be estimated in MOOSE. The advection variable can be either a variable[!param](/Postprocessors/SideAdvectiveFluxIntegral/advected_variable) or material property[!param](/Postprocessors/SideAdvectiveFluxIntegral/advected_mat_prop).

For the finite volume method, an advected quantity needs to be provided using the [!param](/Postprocessors/SideAdvectiveFluxIntegral/advected_quantity) parameter. The advection velocity is required with [!param](/Postprocessors/SideAdvectiveFluxIntegral/vel_x) for advection flux calculation. [!param](/Postprocessors/SideAdvectiveFluxIntegral/vel_y) and [!param](/Postprocessors/SideAdvectiveFluxIntegral/vel_z) are needed for 2D and 3D simulations.
```
